[Music]
ten things you should delete from
Facebook immediately Facebook it helps
you connect and share with the people in
your life and it's free and always will
be it's hard to find a person who has
never seen these lines in their life
Facebook has gone through a lot of
transformation since its original launch
in 2004 as a Harvard student network are
you among those 2 billion people who
belong to a 50 billion dollar empire
however posting too much information on
Facebook might be unsafe for you and
your family that's why we've put
together a list of 10 things you should
delete from your Facebook immediately it
can even help you protect your house
from burglary while you are away plus it
will be a fun bonus at the end 10 your
phone number if you are using Facebook
for work and it helps you run your
business it's understandable you want to
give it your phone number sometimes you
just can't discuss every detail in
writing in all other cases it might be a
better idea not to give your phone
number away to the world after all there
are all kinds of people online even on
your big friends list if you wouldn't
give them your phone number personally
then why keep it on your page for
everyone to take nine friends who aren't
your real friends how many Facebook
friends do you have over a thousand 500
hit the like button if you have less
than 500 friends we know you can't help
it that you are so popular but let's be
honest how many of these people are your
real friends we all have that Suzy with
funny hair I met at the summer camp
after a junior year or Brad I was
introduced to at that party who seemed
funny so I added him just in case on our
friend list would you share any of your
personal news with Suzy or Brad if you
met them in real life would you even
remember their names
most likely no researchers believe a
human can keep around 150 stable
relationships you don't have to cut your
friends list to that number of course
but it might be a good idea to virtually
let go of people you would rather not
share your news and pictures with
eight the mobile app how long does your
phone battery live for four hours five
then you must be one of those people who
carry portable power banks or race from
socket to socket in search of power you
must be wondering why and how a 100%
charge can drop to a risky 20 percent in
no time you are not even actively using
your phone tech world's own was
wondering too so they ran an independent
test which revealed that the Facebook
app on Android phones takes at least 20
percent of your battery life it turns
out Facebook depletes the battery in the
background whenever your phone is on
think of it do you need the Facebook app
on your phone
reality can be much more exciting so
maybe it's a good idea to delete the
mobile app so that you can come home to
your Facebook full of updates and new
likes oh the excitement number 7
personal information favorite books
music and so on everything Facebook
knows about you is for advertising while
Facebook is free and always will be for
you it's understandable it has to get
money from somewhere else like any
successful website or media source it
invites advertisers to pay for promotion
of their services every once in a while
you must feel surprised at how
thoughtful Facebook is and how well it
knows you did it offer you cheap tickets
to Italy no way you always wanted to go
did it offer you a remedy for thin hair
wow that's just what you were looking
for well Facebook is not psychic you
gave it all that information in your
preferences and it also offers you
related products and services based on
your own choices and online activity you
see whatever you Google on your facebook
suggestions so if you are tired of
endless ads and find some of them
irrelevant or annoying just edit your
preferences it can be done easily go to
WWF ace book.com slash ad slash
preferences slash edit
six disabled facial-recognition around
350 million photos are uploaded to
Facebook every day it means four
thousand photos appear on different
users pages and in news feeds every
second many of them are of great value
and you'll want to keep them forever
your best friend's wedding your new
house or your little sister's first day
at work some pictures however you'd
rather take off the grid remember that
Friday night you went out with your
friends and it was lit you probably
don't but Facebook still does one of
your friends decided it was a good idea
to post drunk selfies and Facebook
recognized you in them
you forgot to remove the tags and now
your prospective employers and your mom
even more embarrassing can see them if
you don't want that to happen there is
an easy solution you can edit your who
sees tag suggestions when photos that
look like you are uploaded in timeline
and tagging settings that was easy
wasn't it keep watching the video to
find out how Facebook can affect your
relationships and why sharing traveling
to status updates can be dangerous give
us a thumbs up to show you care number
five your location on photo tags while
some people find Facebook nearby friends
function handy others are not so excited
about being easy to track the same is
true for tags on photos if you tagged
your location once you are at home
everyone will be able to see where you
live pictures with geo tags from bars
give away your partying locations where
you might not want to see your ex or
obsessive stalker for example you don't
want to give away your location right
well just don't share it on photo tags
[Music]
or your credit card details ok this one
is serious and this is probably the most
obvious item on the list just don't
share your credit card details with
anyone if someone asks you to do it
online just don't always keep your
credit card details to yourself for your
financial safety
number three your relationship status
when another friend of yours shares his
or her beautiful wedding or engagement
pictures you feel happy for them and
admit it you also feel a bit jealous
it's especially true if you are single
and then someone comes into your life
someone who does not mind being in your
facebook update in a relationship and
you get social approval and 263 likes
woohoo and then something goes wrong and
you break up you change your status back
to single your friends tell you how he
or she was never good enough for you and
you start posting status updates saying
you feel happy inspired and better than
ever
sound a bit desperate right if you don't
want all that to happen keep your
relationship status to yourself number
two your birthday maybe you like all the
happy birthday have a great one messages
on your wall or cute stickers in your
messenger however your true friends will
remember your birthday anyway without a
Facebook reminder and you might have to
learn to live without messages from
hundreds of people why the date of birth
is actually very personal information
and might be the puzzle piece
someone might use to get access to your
bank and other personal accounts so it's
a good idea to keep it private number
one you're traveling to status going on
well-deserved long-awaited vacation
Congrats
we understand that you can't wait to
share it with everyone traveling to
Miami Florida California here we come
can't wait to get on top of the Eiffel
Tower add a picture of your boarding
pass foolproof awesome brag post your
friends will like it and get jealous
before you post it there is something we
need to tell you it may not only be your
friends who are following your updates
in fact burglars who robbed houses are
also more than happy to see travel
updates
moreover some insurance companies reject
claims coming from those who got burgled
while on vacation why because when you
post the travel to update you inform
everyone your house will be empty so you
basically help burglars who are planning
to break into your house if you allow
your smartphone or tablet to track your
location and check in at all the cool
faraway places you visit the company can
also refuse to pay your insurance money
in case something breaks into your house
we hope you found these tips useful so
now you can enjoy your new Facebook
experience and just like we promised
here is a bonus feature you probably
know Facebook is available in more than
70 languages but did you know you can
browse it upside down check your
settings in the top right corner and
pick English upside down as your
Facebook language it'll be fun
we promise if you like this video and
want to learn more on the topic give us
a thumbs up we are going to share some
secret Facebook features with you if
this video gets 50,000 likes subscribe
to our channel not to miss any updates
stay on the bright side
[Music]